there were a few 1g Special Operations
training facility and we were invited
here by the Medal of Honor guys we're
gonna be shooting a video shoot here
which is gonna be awesome
I'm here with myself optic hecz xjawz
and face tipper and we're gonna be doing
some drifting obviously as you see he's
gonna come around behind me again so if
you guys joy check it out
[Music]
what's going on guys
team are here and as you can see from
the intro of this video I've got a
pretty unique but a pretty epic video
for you guys today and it's gonna be all
about my experience at the t1 g special
ops training facility that that i was at
like a couple of weeks ago it's near
memphis tennessee it's actually the same
place where FPSRussia goes sometimes to
shoot his videos or blow things up and
stuff like that so I mean this place was
legit and there were a lot of cool
things that we did so I wanted to share
with you guys because like I said it was
a super unique experience now when we
first got there we started off in the
Humvees and these things were absolutely
insane I mean there's a real hungies
that have been used in war before and
you know using the military they're just
not active duty anymore and it's just
it's incredible how powerful they are I
mean as you can see here Sam is driving
this over like a four or five foot
barrier with one tire completely off the
ground and it was just it was handling
it with no problem I mean it was
incredible and then they had these
man-made ditches that were like 12 feet
deep with concrete walls that were
nearly vertical and these Humvees would
just go down and up with absolutely no
problem whereas we were struggling just
to stay in our seats because it was so
steep so I was pretty cool you know it's
a really unique experience and after we
were done with that after we messed
around with him for a little bit they're
like okay we're gonna put you guys to
the test and you're gonna have to drive
over the log bridge which is just like a
two or three foot high bridge that goes
in between two hills and there's two
wooden logs that you have to drive over
and you know get the wheels on and the
thing is is the logs are super skinny
they're like six inches wide whereas the
Humvees tires were like 10 inches you
know nearly double that so it was like
it was just it was incredible to think
about doing something like this and it
was nerve wracking and so as you can see
this was my turn right here and the
thing is is that the Humvee is so big
and so wide you can't see in front of
you on the ground you know you can't
look at the logs and make sure you're
lined up you had to rely on somebody
else to the direct view and that was
extras job for me he had to direct me
over this bridge and as you're gonna see
we did make it with no problem it was
good and I got to the other side now
once I got to that other side they're
like okay now let's switch out let's get
somebody else in here and it was phased
tempers turn or Tommy's turn and they're
like okay now the thing is is you're
gonna do it backwards now which was
incredibly hard I mean I don't know why
they did that to him it was like a
suicide mission and as you're gonna see
here
it didn't really turn out too well so
the thing about these Humvees was is you
have to dry them a little bit weird I
mean it's called the differential or
something I don't remember what they
said but what you had to do was push all
the way down on the brake push down hard
on the gas and then let the brake go
slowly in order to make minor movements
to get up on that bridge and get off of
it and Tommy hadn't really driven the
Humvee yet so he wasn't aware of that
so as you're gonna see he kind of just
presses on the gas which makes the tires
skid and it falls off the side and he
kind of crashes it on the bridge but you
know again it wasn't his fault at all
but it made for a good video I mean you
can see optic hecz reaction here
oh no it's pretty funny but the best
part was Tommy's face and a look of
sheer terror when that Humvee fell I
mean he was so concerned and I saw his
face up close and personal because I was
looking right at him when it happened it
was it was pretty priceless but all was
well we got the Humvee off he made it
through with a second time when he was
able to go just normal and went forward
and he kind of redeemed himself there
and oh yeah right there look at that
when Hex exits the Humvee check out how
feminine that was dude what are you
doing hex let's put a tiara on you there
that looks even better there you know do
that quick little snap like all those
girls in high school do but anyway so
yeah that's what we did with the Humvees
now the second thing we did was probably
my most favorite part of the day which
was the cars so we started off and we
did like high-speed chasing and
maneuvering and the driver here the
instructor dawn was absolutely insane I
mean this guy is a true professional and
he was taking us over like 110 120 in
these police cruisers and he was going
like 60 70 miles an hour and reverse and
it was just it was super scary and then
he started doing this 180 turns from
reverse to going forward which is insane
you know this first one here he started
off he was going like 30 miles an hour
and did it you know that was scary in
itself but then when he gets the car up
to 65 or 70 miles an hour in Reverse and
then flips it around on you it was one
of the coolest experiences I've ever had
and it was it was insane as you can see
from the video here now as soon as that
was done we also did some rally racing
which was pretty cool as well
I don was driving again and it was just
it was crazy because they're all dirt
roads your car never had traction it was
always sliding yet somehow he was always
able to keep it in that small little one
lane road and make sure we didn't crash
so that was pretty cool and as soon as
that was over we got to my favorite part
of the day and the one I think a lot of
you guys wanted to see and and that's
the drifting so it's a lot of fun again
we were in one of those police cruisers
water down this big circular track and
just let us go at it I mean it was it
was amazing you know and it seems pretty
self-explanatory like I'm sure some of
you guys have done like donuts and the
snow and things but when you're on
actual pavement where the car seems to
stick a little bit more it was a lot
more difficult but I think it see I
wasn't half bad I did pretty well
probably one of the better ones out of
the group and overall it was just it was
a lot of fun it was a really cool
experience and it was just I don't know
how many people get to drift in
something like this when it's not your
collar you're scared of you know messing
it up you come and just go all out on it
so I was pretty cool got some pretty
cool footage and the last thing that we
did of the day was was shooting guns now
unfortunately we personally didn't get
to shoot the guns like we had planned
that's what we thought was going to be
able to happen but their instructors
weren't able to do it at that time of
the day or something happened to where
we personally couldn't shoot but they
did take us on like a mock mission where
we were running around in a Humvee like
we were in Afghanistan or something and
we had to legitimate soldiers in the
back one of them is active duty which is
why his face is blurred he asked me to
do that so of course I'm gonna buy buy
it and if I took us around and he went
full auto on these targets right above
our heads and I mean the hot casings of
the bullets are falling down on our skin
burning us and then throwing mags down
around us and it was just it was a super
cool experience and the guns they just
they felt so powerful like I've never
been in the presence of an automatic
weapon before and you can just you can
literally feel it vibrating there inside
so just being next to it like it just I
don't know it was a really really cool
thing and it was an experience that I
never thought I would be able to have so
anyway guys that was my day at the T 1 G
special ops training facility big thanks
to EA and the Medal of Honor guys for
doing something like this and I hope you
guys enjoyed the video I know it's
something a little bit different but I
like to mix it up on my channel now and
then and hopefully you guys found it
entertaining so I thank you all so much
for watching check out one of the other
two videos on screen if you haven't seen
them yet and I've got a bunch of great
videos coming soon
thanks guys see ya
[Music]